---
layout: post
title: Expeditions and blogging
---

In the traditional sense, archives are institutions that collect and keep archives. Responsible for receiving, collecting, managing archives and developing archives utilization. Wikipedia mentions that an archive is an accumulated historical record-in any medium-or physical facility where they are located. The archive contains the main original documents accumulated during the lifetime of an individual or organization, and is saved to show the functions of the individual or organization.

Professional archivists and historians usually understand archives as records that are naturally and inevitably produced by regular legal, commercial, administrative or social activities. They are metaphorically defined as "the secretions of an organism" and are distinguished from documents that are consciously written or created to convey specific information to future generations.

Generally speaking, archives include records selected for permanent or long-term preservation based on their enduring cultural, historical, or evidential value. Archival records are usually unpublished and are almost always unique, unlike books or magazines where there may be many copies of the same. This means that archives are very different from libraries in terms of function and organization, although archive collections can usually be found in library buildings.

Archivists are responsible for assembling, cataloguing, preserving and managing valuable collections of historical information. Archivists work with a wide variety of public and private sector organisations, and, once qualified, may move between a variety of organisations, roles and specialisations.

The archive is made for everyone. Visitors can access the archives to find the information and resources they need. Feel and experience the visual or auditory impact this information brings to yourself. The condition for the existence of the archive is that the information is useful. Useful information is worth recording and keeping, so that the information will still be valid decades or hundreds of years later.

If you need to manage classification, then there are two ways. First, Create your organization system before visiting the archive. Write the'how' and'why' of your system in your research log. Second, Use a File Naming Convention (FNC) FNC standardized naming system to give each file a unique name; name reflects the contents of the file; works for all types of files (text, image, audio, etc.)

The archive uses many third-party platforms, and the webpages you can access are all his partners. They bring us a more comfortable experience through platform cooperation. Therefore, they are everywhere.
